well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about
president donald j trump's
ever evolving position on edward snowden
um if you're unaware he has suggested
that he is very strongly considering
pardoning mr snowden um
he's he's not the the this is a
an attempt to draw attention away from
trump's move against the united states
postal service because that is what is
in the news cycle right now this is his
way to get people talking about
something else
because he doesn't want them talking
about his attempt to undermine the very
foundations of this country
and rig the election that's what this is
about
his past tweets of which there are tons
none of them speak very highly of mr
snowden
we're going to run through three of my
favorites real quick just to give you a
good feel on what he has said if you
don't know
message to edward snowden you're banned
from miss universe unless you want me to
take you back home
to face justice now granted this was
made in 2013
when the president being able to hold a
cup with one hand or walk down a ramp
wasn't cause for applause
okay here's another one isn't it sad the
way putin is toying with obama regarding
snowden we look weak and pathetic
could not happen with a strong leader
all i can say is that if i were
president
snowden would have already been returned
to the us
by their fastest jet and with an apology
by their fastest yet he's talking about
a russian jet see
maybe we just misunderstood this maybe
he meant he was going to get snowden
home and apologize to him
and pardon him maybe he was telling the
truth then
doesn't seem like what he meant in
context though
this is uh an attempt by the trump
administration to
change the story because the trump
administration is seeking to do
more damage to the united states than
snowden
ever did to be very clear on this
i actually support a pardon for snowden
if trump
issued one it would be one of the few
things he's done in this administration
that i think is a good move
my read on snowden's
snowden's activities is that he did
what he felt he had to do to honor his
oath
that's honestly the way it looks to me
and i know there's a lot of debate about
that
but that that's my read on it if the
president
is serious about
let's say reforming the way we treat
those who bring less than favorable
information to light
i have an entire list of real winners
that uh they could probably use a pardon
as well
but we know that's not really the case
this is just an attempt to take a name
that is popular that is divisive
that there is a lot of debate
surrounding their activities
and use that to change the story to
create a new debate
to get eyes off of the united states
postal service
that's what this is about
if it was anything else he just would
have pardoned him
he wouldn't have talked about it like
this
the the goal is to create debate the
goal
is to change the story we have to
we have to kind of focus in on this one
the us postal service
is pretty critical to the election
and trump's moves against it
are far more damaging to the united
states
than anything anything leaked by snowden
um and we we really
need to keep that in mind anyway it's
just a thought
y'all have a good night